　A tiny drop of water washed away the land and buildings fell, floating away with other people's dreams.

　　一小滴水能使河堤冲垮，能使建筑倒塌，也能使人们的梦想付之东流。

　　Roadways planned and formed by huge machines and men who sweat and hammer the world into shape, were pushed away with little effort.

　　通过大型机器的操作以及用汗水、辛劳塑造这个世界的人们的不懈努力，一条道路才最终得以设计、修建完成。然而，一小滴水却能毫不费力地便将道路冲毁。

　　People ran and cars clogged highways in an effort to stay ahead of the possible destruction that tiny drop of water could cause.

　　公路上的行人开始惊慌奔逃，车里的司机也拼命地努力冲向前方，好像那一小滴水要毁掉一切似的。

　　"Wait! "you say. "It was much more than a tiny drop of water. The streams overflowed and the rivers broke through their banks causing a wall of water to destroy those things."

　　这时有人说"等一等!还有比那一小滴水更可怕的呢!溪流已经溢出了河岸，马上就要将河坝冲垮啦! "

　　Yes, but it was made up of tiny drops of water. Raindrops which together wore a path right through my yard with little effort. One drop, then two,then thousands, millions and all together they changed the world , our world.

　　是的，模流只是由小小的水滴组成，却有如此强大的力量。就像聚集的雨水能毫不费力地将我院子里的小路冲毁一样。起初是一滴、两滴，而后逐渐变成几千滴、几万滴，这些凝聚在一起的雨滴最终改变了世界，改变了整个人类的世界。

　　Can't you see the significance in that?

　　你领会到其中的含义了吗?

　　I want to change the world. I am tired, worn out from weeping at the sight of still another death not just on the field of battle laid out by warriors, but in the streets of every city, in the fields of the impoverished, desolate reaches of the world. They are dying in my country and yours by bullet, by starvation, disease, arrogance, stupidity and pride.

　　我想改变世界，不仅仅是因为常常看到战场中牺牲的战士，更是因为在世界上那些贫穷、荒凉的地区，甚至在每个城市的每个角落，到处都有人死亡。人类正在战争、饥饿、疾病，以及人性的傲慢、愚蠢和自大中濒临灭亡。

　　A tiny drop of water gave me hope.

　　然而，一小滴水给了我希望。

　　I am but one drop in the sea of humanity, but like the rain I can join together with others and wash away the hatred and pain I anguish over. One drop, then two, then thousands, millions and all together we can change the world. our world.

　　我自己不正是我们人类这个大海洋中的一小滴水吗?我完全可以团结身边的人，像雨水那样凝聚起来，汇成一股强大的力量，最终把我们所有的仇恨和痛苦通通冲走。由一个人、两个人逐渐团结成几千人、几万人，最终我们也可以改变世界，改变我们人类自己的世界。

　　I want to change my life. I am tired of being in debt. I am worn out from trying to keep pace with the world. I have tried my very best to get ahead and find myself falling behind each step of the way.

　　我想改变自己的生活。因为我已经厌烦了不断地偿还债务，已经厌倦了为努力跟上时代的脚步而付出的艰辛。我已经尽最大努力希望赶在别人前面，却发现自己还是被他们落在了后面。

　　A tiny drop of water gave me hope.

　　然而，一小滴水给了我希望。

　　It tell upon the hillside just behind my house. One single drop of water joined with others forming a stream.

　　从我家房屋后面的山坡滴落下来的那一滴水，竟然慢慢汇集成了一条小溪。

　　Like trying one more time. Like doing one more thing. Like pushing one more inch to reach the goal, the dream I long to touch and make reality.

　　如果像那滴水一样再尝试一次，再付出一点努力，再为目标前进一步，那么我一直渴望的梦想就会慢慢实现。

　　All my little efforts make big changes.

　　把我所有小小的努力加起来之后，事情就会有意想不到的结果。

　　The little stream that ran down my driveway, never having been there before, began as one single drop, until one drop after another, trying again and again, washed the soil away and moved the tiny pebble and eventually the rock.

　　正如一直流向我的车道的这条小漠，它以前并不存在。起初只有自己的一小滴，而后是几滴、几千滴、几万滴，最后逐渐汇集成一条小漠。它先是将泥土冲走，然后将小鹅卵石冲走，最后竟冲走了那块巨大的石头。

　　I cannot push away the fear nor change my life overnight, but if I dedicate myself to one single effort each and every day, I will see the power of changing little things to make a big difference.

　　对我个人而言，我既不能将自己的恐惧驱散，也不可能在一夜之间改变我的生活，但是如果每一天我都全力以赴地做出一次努力，那么最终我会看到非同寻常的效果。

　　A tiny drop of water gave me hope.

　　一小滴水给了我希望。

　　I am just one drop in the sea of humanity. But f have the power to change my life and the sacred obligation to move the world in the right direction.

　　我虽然只是我们人类海洋中的一滴，但我也有力量改变我的生活，肩负神圣的职责，让我们的世界朝着正确的方向前进。

　　How?

　　那么怎样去做呢?

　　One drop, then two, then thousands, millions and all together we change the world, our world.

　　由一个人、两个人逐渐团结成几千人、几万人，最终我们也可以改变世界，改变我们人类自己的世界。

　　A tiny drop of water gave me hope.

　　一小滴水给了我希望。

